# Answers to Questionnaire

1. Are there any sub-optimal choices( or short cuts taken due to limited time ) in your implementation?

For the most parts of my implementation, I focused a lot on extensibility, because this application, if needed to be used widely, should/must have more exchange and currency options. Both of those entities are represented as enums, and their properties are then defined at one location, and therefore they are fairly simple to extend. There is one part of my implementation, however, where I think I could improve if I had the time, and that is defining a better mechanism for exchanges to pull API data and converting into the ExchangeCurrency class. Because each API has a different sturucture, they need different containers (as seen in the restContainers folder). Since I use RestTemplate to consume the API, it needs to know which specific containers it should read the JSON into. Currently I have a switch statement setup to load data based on exchanges. If I were to have more time, I would look into ways that allow the RestTemplate to put in a generic container class, and then the different exchanges would execute a pre-definied function (using the Java functional interface) to load them into currencies, instead of a potentially long switch statement. 

2. Is any part of it over-designed? ( It is fine to over-design to showcase your skills as long as you are clear about it)

I kept the desing simple and sleek. Going through a lot of those trading websites, I noticed that the website are very direct with how they present the information, and the interface is kept very clean and simple. Since the only functionality on the website is to present the users buy and sell prices of currencies from different exchanges, and giving recommendations, I simply constructed a table and a text block that shows these data that the users care about. I think that with more time, I could make the table prettier (perhaps using some sort of framework), but I did spend some time thinking of (in terms of css styling) what should be put in that will make the table look decent while not putting too much clutter. 

3. If you have to scale your solution to 100 users/second traffic what changes would you make, if any?

I think I would look more into how to optimize my react frontend. Since heavy user traffic may create lags on refreshing, the prices might not be updated in time which might hurt traders. One possible way to optimize, for example, is to have React.memo hook to check whether the currencycomponent should be updated (that also means refactoring the useEffect hook that gets the backend data to the parent component). Another way to reduce loading time for users is to implement server-side rendering using framework such as Next.js, which could halve the loading time needed since the page would be pre-rendered already on the server end. 

4. What are some other enhancements you would have made, if you had more time to do this implementation

I think I briefly mentioned before some of the enhancements I would have made if I had more time, both on the front and backend. I think I could work on some more immediately relevant features the users might care about. For example, there can be links to the different exchanges that are present in the table. If the user wishes to have this app open with the different exchange websites they could do so easily from the app. That url field can be stored in the backend enum. Another potential feature would be a graph showing the current price trend of the currencies on different exchanges, so that the user can have a better sense on the currency's stability.  